How life was so simple those days..! 

Saturday's were one of the most fascinating elements of our school days, filled with joy & pain, fun & mischieves, and after all this time we now know that those were the days!
My morning which should have begun at 5 am but never did. I always wanted to be an engineer. I was practicing it well so I used to get up at 5:50 am for 6:15 bus and having a shower on Saturday mornings was a complete myth!
 I then used to complete my daily chores in the 2x speed like an engineer watching study material over youtube. Sipping maa ke haath ki garma garam cup of tea with a whole packet of parle-G biscuits in one go without letting my mom  notice me( this made me pro in writing OBA in the class) yWe rarely rarely had breakfast on Saturdays at home because we would be back home by the lunch time(possibly).
 My Mom used to prepare Maggi (wahi 5 rupay wali!) and put it in a steel oval-shaped tiffin box(which can never be replaced)Upper storey of which was filled with Maggie and the lower one with a puffed mixed puffed rice. Now, getting equipped with a bag and uniform was easy but finding the tie, belt, and those socks! not just socks! clean, white and stiff socks (which probably turned blue due to the extra 'Ujala' that maid added during the wash)was a very troublesome part because those
were the things who got snubbed after Saturday afternoon till the next weeks Saturday morning just like our books are on a vacation until the next internals. 
After finding those hidden treasures(the tie, belt & unpolished white shoes)my battle was halfway done. We didn't have a yellow bus waiting near the corner of the road two steps away, because we didn't choose it and it didn't choose us either!  
The bus stand was located roughly 500m from my house which was a scary walk due to the absence of street lights.It was quiet dark and the greater threat was to carry a tiffin in front of the dogs who had spent the night in freezing cold & were dead hungry. But I think they saw the pain on my face. The pain of going to school on a Saturday morning. 
After all this, you reach the bus stand and 9/10 times miss the bus and that 1 day on which I caught the bus would be when the bus arrived late. One thing I understood rather later was that my life was like the KSRTC bus mood swings because when u arrive early the bus wont be in time and if u arrive late, you are late. Not even lucky. 
And then comes a surprise! which used to happen every week
where I used to take the same milk van every week with the same act of surprise of missing the bus on my face and driver acting as if it was the first time and saying "it's ok only I can drop you till 6km" and my school was almost 8km away. He made me sit on the speaker in the cold and the good part is something was getting warmed. 
Sharing life experiences with them as if he was an old friend and waving off by asking one last question to almost everyone who dropped me was, "what's the millage?" and then calculate with the number of kilometres to find out the profit he would have gained by the end of the day.
When we reach the destination everyone payed him and I used to be the last person to get down the van and just gave a guilty smile saying I won't give money but "Thank you anna" and with the same pretended smile he used to say it's ok (I don't need your thank you! said his smile)
I know that.
Then comes a game of luck waving at every vehicle on the way to school for further 2km observing all my friends going to the school one by one looking at me like a loser standing in middle of 400m running race but it never mattered because I never lost a race! After all, you need to participate to win. And then there was someone who stopped seeing my emotions and struggle to attend the school and most of the time it would be a farmer going to the field because no Business, shops, Government offices opened so early to serve. Whoever it was ,I would describe him all the story on the way of 2km and at some point after hearing all this he would be extra careful to drop me to the school in time more and seemed more interested than me (ofcourse after hearing the struggle fabrication of mine)
and they would drop me till the entrance of my school to avoid me being late and it would be almost 8:15 am and I used to hear Jai hind in the distant which used to be the warning time to surrender myself before PT sir after all the efforts.
One thing I learnt very well was how to act like how badly I wanted to attend the assembly and strived to be there in time and give a different narration every single day like every episode of black mirror series.
Our PT sir was a family man who understood hardships and at last he would be like "Bas Kar pagle rulayega kya" and gave me one hand discount and would beat only on one hand that was an award for my Oscar-winning act. 
In the future, I'm going to tell people how hard it was to go to school on Saturdays.
But the truth was this is how people tell their struggle but no one says BTS in my case where I had 3 govt buses from 5 am to 6:15 am
and by giving some money any private vehicle would have easily dropped me 2km.
What I have always thought is Everything has solutions but if sometimes not solving it gives you more pleasure, then I was always going to be a man who would have never ever solve it...